[Music]
charles oliver and mabel believe howard
is a prime suspect in tim's murder so
charles and mabel question him in his
apartment
you know i heard this once and maybe you
can appreciate it
charles finds a dead cat in his
refrigerator
bunny pressures oliver to pay his
building fees
he approaches teddy and asks for
sponsorship for the podcast only murders
in the building but was initially turned
down money on fire oliver now intends to
sell the splash musical poster in order
to make some quick cash
when charles sees him carrying it in the
elevator the two have a conversation
during which oliver decides not to sell
the poster sometimes ten thousand
he goes to teddy again and manages to
convince him to sponsor thirty five
thousand dollars for the podcast always
more later oliver sees sting in the
elevator and thinks he may also be a
suspect
while going through tim's belongings
mabel comes across a note detailing a
meeting with someone
[Music]
oliver airs the first episode of the
only murders in the building podcast
excuse me when did we do that and later
finds a threatening note on his door
that reads and the podcast or i and you
he enters the apartment and discovers
that his bulldog winnie has been
poisoned
who would do this